# tvguide
TV Guide with links to set timers on Enigma2 STBs


07-Dec-2025

The original tvguide in 'html-v1' was created sometime around 2009 after I
got my first Enigma2 satellite receiver (STB). TV programme details, ie. EPG, were
obtainable in 'XMLTV' format which allowed for processing with an XML stylesheet
into something displayable in a browser and which could contain the links
to my STB to add timers/recordings with a simple click via the OpenWebIf API.
The STBs also had an EPG display but it was overly complex to use, often
did not have program info for more than 2 days in the future and was missing
useful program details such as episode number, name, season. So I created
my own TV guide which used details openly available on the web and delivered
as an XMLTV file which was then processed using XSLT to create listings for
a full week and also to extract timings of programs that I was interested
in recording. Due to the limited performance of the hardware available
at the time the listings were generated as static pages everyday during
the night. This is still the case as it works fairly well - the ability to
re-generate the listings for newly added favourite programes was eventually
added in the form of a web application - recreating the listing now takes
around 2 minutes and generation of the pages on-the-fly is probably possible
in an acceptable time but the list of favourite programs still needs to
be generated by searching all listings at least once a day... so why bother
changing it when it is not broken, after all I am NOT a continuous improver!!

So why this repo? Well, the original listing display with a
the navigation frame containing all day/channel options and the listing for
a single day displayed in the main frame worked OK on a desktop PC - everything
was readily accessible and quick to use. However now I rarely use a PC to set
the timers, I use my phone. The limited horizonal space makes the guide very hard
to use, the single characters are much to small to hit without zooming the page
which then makes the listing impossible to read. Also when the page is zoomed
the buggy frame scrolling in Safari makes it frustrating to get to night time
programes. I've lived with this for a long time mainly as I couldn't think of
a better way to do it but updating the satimer project to use angular and work
better on the phone has triggered some ideas as to how to improve the listings
page. No clue how angular is going to be coerced into to displaying the static
listing pages but I guess that's what will make it fun! Why bother with the hassle
of angular? Well my HTML skills are not sufficient to do the kind of layout I
have in mind without using angular. For consistency I guess I should use Material
although Bootstrap would probably be much easier... come to think of the layout
I have in mind is like that used for 'account' which is actually Bootstrap based
so maybe that is a good enough excuse to spare myself the pain of using Material!!
